Text to speech arena leaderboard (#1848)
huggingface/blog: arenas-on-the-hub-tts.md

---

> title: "An Introduction to AI Secure LLM Safety Leaderboard"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS models in the Wild"
```
(Reflects the title on the Leaderboard)

Author: ooops sorry

thumbnail: /blog/assets/arenas-on-the-hub/thumbnail_tts.png 
authors:
- user: mrfakename
  guest: true

> - user: ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- user: reach-vb
- user: clefourrier
- user: Wauplin
- user: ylacombe
- user: main-horse
- user: sanchit-gandhi
```

Author: who is main-horse btw?

Reviewer: Responded in Slack channel

---

> # TTS Arena: Voting on the Best Speech Synthesis Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS models in the Wild
```

## The Arena
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.

The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why model names are only revealed after a user votes.

## The Models
We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While we’re mostly using open source models, we included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.

We plan to add more models in the future; however, the models available at launch are:
- ElevenLabs (proprietary)
- MetaVoice
- OpenVoice

> - OpenAI (proprietary)

Reviewer: Since we haven't heard back from OpenAI maybe remove this unless we hear back from them soon (cc @Vaibhavs10)
```suggestion
```

- Pheme
- WhisperSpeech
- XTTS

Although there are countless other both open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest quality models to the general public.

## The Leaderboard
We will display the results from Arena voting in a publicly accessible leaderboard. Although it will initially be empty, models will gradually appear as they accumulate enough votes. As raters submit new votes, the leaderboard will automatically update with the latest results.

Similar to the Chatbot Arena, the models on the leaderboard are ranked using the [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) system, a system commonly used by game players.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Credits

Thank you to the following individuals who helped make this project possible:

* VB ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/reach_vb) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/reach-vb))
* Lucain Pouget ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/Wauplin) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/Wauplin))
* Clémentine Fourrier ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/clefourrier) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/clefourrier))
* Yoach Lacombe ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/yoachlacombe) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe))
* Main Horse ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/main_horse) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/main-horse))
* Apolinário Passos ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/multimodalart) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/multimodalart))
* Sanchit Gandhi ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/sanchitgandhi99) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/sanchit-gandhi))
* Pedro Cuenca ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/pcuenq) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/pcuenq))

```

## Motivation
The field of speech synthesis has long lacked an accurate method to measure the quality of different models. Objective metrics like WER (word error rate) are unreliable measures of model quality, and subjective measures such as MOS (mean opinion score) are typically small-scale experiments conducted with few listeners. As a result, these measurements are generally not useful for comparing two models of roughly similar quality. To address these drawbacks, we are inviting the community to rank models in an easy-to-use interface, and opening it up to the public in order to make both the opportunity to rank models, as well as the results, more easily accessible to everyone.

> ## The Arena

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The TTS Arena

```

> Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with great results, collection over 300,000 rankings so far. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting any person to rank synthesized audio.
```

> The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why we reveal model names only after a user submits their vote.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Model anonymity is key to mitigate bias and potential abuse, so mdel names are only revealed after the user has submitted their vote.
```

> ## The Models

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Selected Models

```

We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While most are open source models, we also included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.

The models available at launch are:
- ElevenLabs (proprietary)
- MetaVoice
- OpenVoice
- OpenAI (proprietary)
- Pheme
- WhisperSpeech
- XTTS

> Although there are many other open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest-quality publicly available models.

Reviewer 2: Maybe ask the community to propose others?

> ## The Leaderboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The TTS Leaderboard

```

> We will display the results from Arena voting in a publicly accessible leaderboard. Although it will initially be empty, models will gradually appear as they accumulate enough votes. As raters submit new votes, the leaderboard will automatically update with the latest results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The results from Arena voting will be made publicly available in a dedicated leaderboard. Note that it will be initially empty until sufficient votes are accumulated, then models will gradually appear. As raters submit new votes, the leaderboard will automatically update.
```

Similar to the Chatbot Arena, the models on the leaderboard are ranked using an algorithm similar to the [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) system, a system commonly used by game players.

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Conclusion

```

> We hope the TTS Arena proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We would love to hear your feedback. Please also do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending an X/Twitter DM [here](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename) or by opening a discussion in [the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ttseval/TTS-Arena).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We hope the [TTS Arena](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena) proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We'd love to hear your feedback! Please, do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending us an [X/Twitter DM](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename), or by opening a discussion in [the community tab of the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena/discussions).
```

---
title: "TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/arenas-on-the-hub/thumbnail_tts.png 
authors:
- user: mrfakename
  guest: true
- user: reach-vb
- user: clefourrier
- user: Wauplin
- user: ylacombe
- user: main-horse
  guest: true
- user: sanchit-gandhi
---

# TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild

> Automated measurement of the quality of text-to-speech (TTS) models is quite difficult. Although testing the naturalness and inflection of a voice is a trivial task for humans, it’s much more difficult for AI. This is why today, we’re thrilled to announce the TTS Arena. Inspired by LMSYS’s chatbot arena for LLMs, we developed a tool that allows individuals to compare TTS models side-by-side. Just submit text, listen to two models speak it, and vote on which model is the best. The goal is to create a leaderboard based on the community’s highest-rated models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated measurement of the quality of text-to-speech (TTS) models is quite difficult. Although testing the naturalness and inflection of a voice is a trivial task for humans, it is much more difficult for AI. This is why today, we’re thrilled to announce the TTS Arena. Inspired by LMSys's Chatbot Arena for LLMs, we developed a tool that allows individuals to easily compare TTS models side-by-side. Just submit text, listen to two models speak it, and vote on which model is the best. The results are organized into a leaderboard that displays the community’s highest-rated models.
```

## Motivation
The field of speech synthesis has long lacked an accurate method to measure the quality of different models. Objective metrics like WER (word error rate) are unreliable measures of model quality, and subjective measures such as MOS (mean opinion score) are typically small-scale experiments conducted with few listeners. As a result, these measurements are generally not useful for comparing two models of roughly similar quality. To address these drawbacks, we are inviting the community to rank models in an easy-to-use interface, and opening it up to the public in order to make both the opportunity to rank models, as well as the results, more easily accessible to everyone.

## The Arena
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.

> The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why model names are only revealed after a user votes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why we reveal model names only after a user submits their vote.
```

> Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.
> 
> The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why model names are only revealed after a user votes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.

The leaderboard allows a user to enter text, which will be synthesized by two models. After listening to each sample, the user will vote on which model sounds more natural. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model names will only be revealed after a vote is submitted.
```

## The Models

> We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While we’re mostly using open source models, we included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While most are open source models, we also included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.
```

> We plan to add more models in the future; however, the models available at launch are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The models available at launch are:
```

- ElevenLabs (proprietary)
- MetaVoice
- OpenVoice
- OpenAI (proprietary)
- Pheme
- WhisperSpeech
- XTTS

> Although there are many other open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest quality publicly available models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although there are many other open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest-quality publicly available models.
```

## The Leaderboard
We will display the results from Arena voting in a publicly accessible leaderboard. Although it will initially be empty, models will gradually appear as they accumulate enough votes. As raters submit new votes, the leaderboard will automatically update with the latest results.

> Similar to the Chatbot Arena, the models on the leaderboard are ranked using the [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) system, a system commonly used by game players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the Chatbot Arena, the models on the leaderboard are ranked using an algorithm similar to the [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) system, a system commonly used by game players.
```

> ## Credits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Conclusion
We hope the TTS Arena proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We would love to hear your feedback. Please also do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending an X/Twitter DM [here](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename) or by opening a discussion in [the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ttseval/TTS-Arena).

## Credits

> Special thanks to all the people who helped make this possible, including [Clémentine Fourrier](https://twitter.com/clefourrier), [Lucian Pouget](https://twitter.com/wauplin), [Yoach Lacombe](https://twitter.com/yoachlacombe), [Main Horse](https://twitter.com/main_horse), and the Hugging Face team. In particular, I’d like to thank VB for his time and technical assistance. I’d also like to thank [Sanchit Gandhi](https://twitter.com/sanchitgandhi99) and [Apolinário Passos](https://twitter.com/multimodalart) for their feedback and support during the development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special thanks to all the people who helped make this possible, including [Clémentine Fourrier](https://twitter.com/clefourrier), [Lucian Pouget](https://twitter.com/wauplin), [Yoach Lacombe](https://twitter.com/yoachlacombe), [Main Horse](https://twitter.com/main_horse), and the Hugging Face team. In particular, I’d like to thank [VB](https://twitter.com/reach_vb) for his time and technical assistance. I’d also like to thank [Sanchit Gandhi](https://twitter.com/sanchitgandhi99) and [Apolinário Passos](https://twitter.com/multimodalart) for their feedback and support during the development process.
```
Add VB's Twitter

> ---

Reviewer 3: I think a better name would be `tts-arena` (shorter and might do better for SEO)

Author: The goal was to follow the same pattern than for the series `leaderboards-on-the-hub`

Author: I could rename all previous blogs to `leaderboard-partner` and use `arena-partner` here

Reviewer 4: not 100% sure they're better for SEO (no one really knows) but i quite like shorter URLs yes =) 

`leaderboard-partner` and `arena-partner` look awesome to me, maybe let's use this going forward? (and we can rename the previous ones when we have time – a bit of work as we would like to redirect the old names)

Author: I could do all the renames and give relevant people hub side a list of "old name", "new name" maybe?

Reviewer 4: you can create a `_redirects.yml` like we we do in docs repos (i.e. a yaml dict of old name: new name)  and maybe @mishig25 can add support for it in moon-landing?

but let's only merge a rename when we'll have support for redirects in moon-landing

Author: Ok, I'll wait for your go then (and in the meantime, frown when looking at this beautiful naming pattern which is no longer homogeneous ^^")

Reviewer 5: [PR here](https://github.com/huggingface/blog/pull/1883)

> title: "TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild"

Reviewer 3: Maybe not obvious what TTS is for many

```suggestion
title: "TTS Arena: Benchmarking Text-to-Speech Models in the Wild"
```

thumbnail: /blog/assets/arenas-on-the-hub/thumbnail_tts.png 
authors:
- user: mrfakename
  guest: true
- user: reach-vb
- user: clefourrier
- user: Wauplin
- user: ylacombe
- user: main-horse
  guest: true
- user: sanchit-gandhi
---

> # TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# TTS Arena: Benchmarking Text-to-Speech Models in the Wild
```

Automated measurement of the quality of text-to-speech (TTS) models is quite difficult. Although testing the naturalness and inflection of a voice is a trivial task for humans, it is much more difficult for AI. This is why today, we’re thrilled to announce the TTS Arena. Inspired by LMSys's Chatbot Arena for LLMs, we developed a tool that allows individuals to easily compare TTS models side-by-side. Just submit text, listen to two models speak it, and vote on which model is the best. The results are organized into a leaderboard that displays the community’s highest-rated models.

## Motivation

> The field of speech synthesis has long lacked an accurate method to measure the quality of different models. Objective metrics like WER (word error rate) are unreliable measures of model quality, and subjective measures such as MOS (mean opinion score) are typically small-scale experiments conducted with few listeners. As a result, these measurements are generally not useful for comparing two models of roughly similar quality. To address these drawbacks, we are inviting the community to rank models in an easy-to-use interface. By opening this tool and disseminating results to the public, we aim to democratize how models are ranked, and to make model comparison and selection accessible to everyone.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The field of speech synthesis has long lacked an accurate method to measure the quality of different models. Objective metrics like WER (word error rate) are unreliable measures of model quality, and subjective measures such as MOS (mean opinion score) are typically small-scale experiments conducted with few listeners. As a result, these measurements are generally not useful for comparing two models of roughly similar quality. To address these drawbacks, we are inviting the community to rank models in an easy-to-use interface. By opening this tool and disseminating results to the public, we aim to democratize how models are ranked and to make model comparison and selection accessible to everyone.
```

## The TTS Arena

> Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with great results, collection over 300,000 rankings so far. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting any person to rank synthesized audio.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with great results, collecting over 300,000 rankings so far. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting any person to rank synthesized audio.
```

> The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Model anonymity is key to mitigate bias and potential abuse, so mdel names are only revealed after the user has submitted their vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The leaderboard allows a user to enter text, which will be synthesized by two models. After listening to each sample, the user will vote on which model sounds more natural. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model names will be revealed only after a vote is submitted.
```

## Selected Models

> We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While most are open source models, we also included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While most are open-source models, we also included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open-source development with proprietary models.
```

The models available at launch are:
- ElevenLabs (proprietary)
- MetaVoice
- OpenVoice
- OpenAI (proprietary)
- Pheme
- WhisperSpeech
- XTTS

Although there are many other open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest-quality publicly available models.

## The TTS Leaderboard

The results from Arena voting will be made publicly available in a dedicated leaderboard. Note that it will be initially empty until sufficient votes are accumulated, then models will gradually appear. As raters submit new votes, the leaderboard will automatically update.

Similar to the Chatbot Arena, models will be ranked using an algorithm similar to the [Elo rating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system), commonly used in chess and other games.

## Conclusion

> We hope the [TTS Arena](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena) proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We'd love to hear your feedback! Please, do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending us an [X/Twitter DM](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename), or by opening a discussion in [the community tab of the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope the [TTS Arena](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena) proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We'd love to hear your feedback! Please do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending us an [X/Twitter DM](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename), or by opening a discussion in [the community tab of the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/TTS-AGI/TTS-Arena/discussions).
```

---
title: "TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/arenas-on-the-hub/thumbnail_tts.png 
authors:
- user: mrfakename
  guest: true
- user: reach-vb
- user: clefourrier
- user: Wauplin
- user: ylacombe
- user: main-horse
  guest: true
- user: sanchit-gandhi
---

# TTS Arena: Benchmarking TTS Models in the Wild

> Automated measurement of the quality of text-to-speech (TTS) models is quite difficult. Although testing the naturalness and inflection of a voice is a trivial task for humans, it’s much more difficult for AI. This is why today, we’re thrilled to announce the TTS Arena.  Inspired by LMSYS’s chatbot arena for LLMs, we developed a tool that allows individuals to compare TTS models side-by-side. Just submit text, listen to two models speak it, and vote on which model is the best. The goal is to create a leaderboard based on the community’s highest-rated models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated measurement of the quality of text-to-speech (TTS) models is quite difficult. Although testing the naturalness and inflection of a voice is a trivial task for humans, it’s much more difficult for AI. This is why today, we’re thrilled to announce the TTS Arena. Inspired by LMSYS’s chatbot arena for LLMs, we developed a tool that allows individuals to compare TTS models side-by-side. Just submit text, listen to two models speak it, and vote on which model is the best. The goal is to create a leaderboard based on the community’s highest-rated models.
```

## The Arena
Human ranking for AI systems is not a novel approach. Recently, LMSys applied this method in their [Chatbot Arena](https://arena.lmsys.org/) with positive results, resulting in over 300,000 rankings. Because of its success, we adopted a similar framework for our leaderboard, inviting humans to rank synthesized audio.

The voting system is an important aspect of the leaderboard. Due to the risks of human bias and abuse, model anonymity is key. This is why model names are only revealed after a user votes.

## The Models
We selected several SOTA (State of the Art) models for our leaderboard. While we’re mostly using open source models, we included several proprietary models to allow developers to compare the state of open source development with proprietary models.

We plan to add more models in the future; however, the models available at launch are:
- ElevenLabs (proprietary)
- MetaVoice
- OpenVoice
- OpenAI (proprietary)
- Pheme
- WhisperSpeech
- XTTS

> Although there are countless other both open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest quality models to the general public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although there are many other open and closed source models available, we chose these because they are generally accepted as the highest quality models that are publicly available.
```

Similar to the Chatbot Arena, the models on the leaderboard are ranked using the [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) system, a system commonly used by game players.

## Credits

Thank you to the following individuals who helped make this project possible:

* VB ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/reach_vb) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/reach-vb))
* Clémentine Fourrier ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/clefourrier) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/clefourrier))
* Lucain Pouget ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/Wauplin) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/Wauplin))
* Yoach Lacombe ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/yoachlacombe) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/ylacombe))
* Main Horse ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/main_horse) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/main-horse))
* Sanchit Gandhi ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/sanchitgandhi99) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/sanchit-gandhi))
* Apolinário Passos ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/multimodalart) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/multimodalart))
* Pedro Cuenca ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/pcuenq) / [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/pcuenq))

## Conclusion

> We hope the TTS Arena proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We would love to hear your feedback. Please also do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending a X/Twitter DM [here](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename) or by opening a discussion in [the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ttseval/TTS-Arena).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope the TTS Arena proves to be a helpful resource for all developers. We would love to hear your feedback. Please also do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions or suggestions by sending an X/Twitter DM [here](https://twitter.com/realmrfakename) or by opening a discussion in [the Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ttseval/TTS-Arena).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Credits

Special thanks to all the people who helped make this possible, including [Clémentine Fourrier](https://twitter.com/clefourrier), [Lucian Pouget](https://twitter.com/wauplin), [Yoach Lacombe](https://twitter.com/yoachlacombe), [Main Horse](https://twitter.com/main_horse), and the Hugging Face team. In particular, I’d like to thank VB for his time and technical assistance. I’d also like to thank [Sanchit Gandhi](https://twitter.com/sanchitgandhi99) and [Apolinário Passos](https://twitter.com/multimodalart) for their feedback and support during the development process.
```
